README.md, before:

# Fashion Journal

<img align="right" src="https://raw.github.com/3bola/gulp-starter/master/app/img/pipboy.jpg" hspace="20" vspace="10" width="320">

A front-end Gulp compiler for Wordpress application and Automatic deploy to AWS Code Pipeline

* Inspired by: [http://github.com/3bola/gulp-starter](http://github.com/3bola/gulp-starter)
* Visit staging server: [http://fj-dev.nativesdev.com.au](http://54.66.149.167)

### Features

* Original Wordpress application structure
* Livereloading development server with automatic building of SCSS files
* Bower component management
* Automatic image compressing
* SCSS compiling
* CSS autoprefixing, combining and minifying
* JavaScript combining and compressing with uglify
* Automatic deploy to AWS Code Pipeline with AWS CodeCommit, CodeBuild and CodeDeploy

### Usage

#### Prerequisite

* Make sure you have latest [NodeJS](http://nodejs.org/) installed.
* Install [Chrome LiveReload](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/livereload/jnihajbhpnppcggbcgedagnkighmdlei?hl=en) plugin. (Optional)
* Download or your current [Word Press](https://wordpress.org/download/) template.
* Download [XAMPP](https://www.apachefriends.org/download.html) and setup PHP environment [Apache and MySQL](https://netbeans.org/kb/docs/php/configure-php-environment-windows.html)
* Add the folder `C:\xampp\mysql\bin` to the $PATH variable

#### Installation

NOTE: before following the steps below please:

1. Complete the Prerequisite steps

2. Locate your ```htdocs``` folder. Then open Command Prompt and type:

```sh
git clone git@github.com:Namtech/fashion-journal.git /***/***/htdocs
cd /***/***/htdocs
npm install && npm init
```

Then using XAMPP Control Pannel and start Apache and mySQL and go to your browser to open [http://localhost](http://localhost)!

#### Structure

```sh
htdocs:
- |__ .vscode
- |__ .gitignore
- |
- |__ wp-admin-------------------------// Wordpress folder.
- |     |__ [...]
- |
- |__ wp-content-----------------------// Wordpress templates holder
- |     |__ themes
- |     |__ plugins
- |     |__ index.php
- |
- |__ wp-includes----------------------// Wordpress plugins
- |     |__ [...]
- |
- |__ wp-[...]-------------------------// Wordpress files.
- |
- |__ webpackage-----------------------// Source of templates development.
- |     |__ wp-content---------------- // Preserve the structure of root wp-content folder, 
- |         |                          // Used for template development
- |         |__ themes
- |         |__ plugins
- |         |__ index.php
- |
- |__ .node_modules--------------------// Nodejs modules for gulp
- |
- |__ gulpfile.js----------------------// Front-end compilation file
- |__ bower.json-----------------------// Bower package manager for gulp
- |__ package.json---------------------// npm scripts for development and deployment

```

#### Commands

To build your code and see changes in localhost, run:

```sh
npm start
```

#### Developing

* In wordpress, template files are stored in folder `wp-content`
* Your template files should ONLY be located in the folder `htdocs\webpackage\wp-content`
* CAUTION: Any `*.js`, `*.css` and `*.scss` modified outside the folder `htdocs\webpackage\wp-content` will not be compiled and compressed !

#### Codeflow

![Image structure not found](https://github.com/nguyenpham95/fashion-journal/blob/master/webpackage/app-structure.png)<br/>

When `npm start` is runned, it does the following:

1. Migrate all files and structure from `htdocs\webpackage\wp-content` to `htdocs\wp-content`

2. Inside the `htdocs\wp-content` folder, find all `main.scss` files and compile them into `main.css` files

3. Inside the `htdocs\wp-content` folder, find all `*.scss` and `*.js` files and compress them

4. Inside the `htdocs\wp-content` folder, find all `*.img, *.png, *.jpeg` and compress them

When `git commit` is runned, it does the following:

1. Update changes to the `AWS S3 Bucket` via `AWS CodeCommit`

2. Then `AWS CodeBuild` will be runned to:

    + Update MySQL Schema to Server
    + Locate all `function.php` files and change the string from `http:\\localhost` to `http://fj-sg.nativesdev.com.au`

3. Then `AWS CodeDeploy` will deploy the repository to `AWS EC2 Instance` for Staging

4. If tested thoroughly, `AWS CodeDeploy` will continue to deploy it to the Production Server

#### Deploying

To deploy your code to Staging, make a normal git commit:

```sh
git status
git add .
git commit -m "Your work instance"
git pull origin master
git push origin master
```

#### Configuration

You can find some useful options in the `gulpfile.js` file.

### License

#### The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) Juri Saltbacka

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Update README and test deploying to prod server

README.md, after:

# Fashion Journal

<img align="right" src="https://raw.github.com/3bola/gulp-starter/master/app/img/pipboy.jpg" hspace="20" vspace="10" width="320">

A front-end Gulp compiler for Wordpress application and Automatic deploy to AWS Code Pipeline

* Inspired by: [http://github.com/3bola/gulp-starter](http://github.com/3bola/gulp-starter)
* Visit staging server: [http://fj-dev.nativesdev.com.au](http://54.66.149.167)

### Features

* Original Wordpress application structure
* Livereloading development server with automatic building of SCSS files
* Bower component management
* Automatic image compressing
* SCSS compiling
* CSS autoprefixing, combining and minifying
* JavaScript combining and compressing with uglify
* Automatic deploy to AWS Code Pipeline with AWS CodeCommit, CodeBuild and CodeDeploy

### Usage

#### Prerequisite

* Make sure you have latest [NodeJS](http://nodejs.org/) installed.
* Install [Chrome LiveReload](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/livereload/jnihajbhpnppcggbcgedagnkighmdlei?hl=en) plugin. (Optional)
* Download or your current [Word Press](https://wordpress.org/download/) template.
* Download [XAMPP](https://www.apachefriends.org/download.html) and setup PHP environment [Apache and MySQL](https://netbeans.org/kb/docs/php/configure-php-environment-windows.html)
* Add the folder `C:\xampp\mysql\bin` to the $PATH variable

#### Installation

NOTE: before following the steps below please:

1. Complete the Prerequisite steps

2. Locate your ```htdocs``` folder. Then open Command Prompt and type:

```sh
git clone git@github.com:Namtech/fashion-journal.git /***/***/htdocs
cd /***/***/htdocs
npm install && npm run init
```

Then using XAMPP Control Pannel and start Apache and mySQL and go to your browser to open [http://localhost](http://localhost)!

#### Structure

```sh
htdocs:
- |__ .vscode
- |__ .gitignore
- |
- |__ wp-admin-------------------------// Wordpress folder.
- |     |__ [...]
- |
- |__ wp-content-----------------------// Wordpress templates holder
- |     |__ themes
- |     |__ plugins
- |     |__ index.php
- |
- |__ wp-includes----------------------// Wordpress plugins
- |     |__ [...]
- |
- |__ wp-[...]-------------------------// Wordpress files.
- |
- |__ webpackage-----------------------// Source of templates development.
- |     |__ wp-content---------------- // Preserve the structure of root wp-content folder, 
- |         |                          // Used for template development
- |         |__ themes
- |         |__ plugins
- |         |__ index.php
- |
- |__ .node_modules--------------------// Nodejs modules for gulp
- |
- |__ gulpfile.js----------------------// Front-end compilation file
- |__ bower.json-----------------------// Bower package manager for gulp
- |__ package.json---------------------// npm scripts for development and deployment
-

```

#### Commands

To build your code and see changes in localhost, run:

```sh
npm start
```

To init blank mySQL db, run:

```sh
npm run init
```

On server, to run customized build for it, run:

```sh
npm run build
```

#### Developing

* In wordpress, template files are stored in folder `wp-content`
* Your template files should ONLY be located in the folder `htdocs\webpackage\wp-content`
* CAUTION: Any `*.js`, `*.css` and `*.scss` modified outside the folder `htdocs\webpackage\wp-content` will not be compiled and compressed !

#### Codeflow

![Image structure not found](https://github.com/nguyenpham95/fashion-journal/blob/master/webpackage/app-structure.png)<br/>

When `npm start` is runned, it does the following:

1. Migrate all files and structure from `htdocs\webpackage\wp-content` to `htdocs\wp-content`

2. Inside the `htdocs\wp-content` folder, find all `main.scss` files and compile them into `main.css` files

3. Inside the `htdocs\wp-content` folder, find all `*.scss` and `*.js` files and compress them

4. Inside the `htdocs\wp-content` folder, find all `*.img, *.png, *.jpeg` and compress them

When `git commit` is runned, it does the following:

1. Update changes to the `AWS S3 Bucket` via `AWS CodeCommit`

2. Then `AWS CodeBuild` will be runned to:

    + Update MySQL Schema to Server
    + Locate all `function.php` files and change the string from `http:\\localhost` to `http://fj-sg.nativesdev.com.au`

3. Then `AWS CodeDeploy` will deploy the repository to `AWS EC2 Instance` for Staging

4. If tested thoroughly, `AWS CodeDeploy` will continue to deploy it to the Production Server

#### Deploying

To deploy your code to Staging, make a normal git commit:

```sh
git status
git add .
git commit -m "Your work instance"
git pull origin master
git push origin master
```

#### Configuration

You can find some useful options in the `gulpfile.js` file.

### License

#### The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) Juri Saltbacka

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
